6.9.2/rel-notes (#4172)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.9/release-notes.md

---

## 6.9.2 release notes

**March 8, 2023** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 6.9.2, is now available for download.

Sensu Go 6.9.2 fixes a UI crash on the Service Component detail page. Additionally we added a GraphQL validator for query node depth.

**FIXES:**

> - ([Commercial feature][303]) In the web UI, added GraphQL validator for query node depth.

Reviewer: This is the XSS issue, isn't it? We should probably be a bit more descriptive about what we're actually fixing.

> - ([Commercial feature][303]) In the web UI, fixed crash on BSM Service Component detail page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([Commercial feature][303]) In the web UI, fixed an issue causing crashes when viewing BSM Service Component detail pages.
```
